Cool, so that was a bit, does anyone
have any questions on any of that?
You're more than welcome to
ask any questions you'd like.
I know that was quite of a bit.
There's more we could add to it.
I would love to see what
you guys do with it.
But I think you can at least see
now the power behind utilizing and,
I mean, it's really mostly, again,
you could do this in Terraform,
you could do this in
other providers as well.
The main point is,
we need an interface that DEVS use.
We need those bumpers that DEVS can use.
As long as we have those bumpers,
it doesn't matter what it's in.
But if developers are literally
modifying Amazon resources directly,
that's a problem.
That means,
they could break a lot very easily.
And, yeah,
this is essentially our service directory.
And so, as I said,
if I was a developer and
I needed to simply add this or
a new service or
something like that,
I should only have to come in here,
paste this, all right, and
then put in example two.
And that's it.
The developer should not
really have to do much else.
If they do,
then maybe something's not supported.
We need to have a conversation about it.
You know what I mean?
Maybe if it's not working cool,
I can help you debug it, but at the end
of the day, this is what the developers
should be using instead of
writing their own automation.
Any questions on that or
anything like that?
Yeah?
>> Do leverage Pulumi for
creating CI/CD pipelines
as well as in AWS?
>> Yeah, I mean,
you could really utilize Pulumi for
anything it provides a provider for,
right?
So, I guess I would need to understand
what you mean by automating
pipelines because there's different
automation that goes into there
that we're gonna see shortly
that is separate from this.
But if we wanted to talk about
the actual setup of pipelines,
saying, GitLab or
something like that, then possibly.
But they may mean two different things,
yeah?
>> Is locking state available
out of the Pulumi cloud?
>> That is a good question,
pulumi Lock state?
I know that it locks state when
it goes to modify it, right?
Because it doesn't want
multiple changes to it.
I don't know exactly the depths
of how you can lock state mostly
because Pulumi allows you to
decide on multiple backends.
Pulumi actually lets you store your
state in a bucket, if you want.
It allows you to store it literally
on your computer, if you want.
So I would imagine they mean shared
locking state in the cloud and
I don't think you can do that right now,
actually.
I don't think that's something you could
do, I don't think there's a shared lock
state, yeah, I'd have to look
into that a little bit further.
But I do know that, again,
if a run is running,
you can't run another run while
it's running, it'll be like no,
you're messing with state
that's being updated right now.
>> One more question, is there
a way to generate documentation so
DEVS know what's supported and
what is not?
>> Yeah, yeah, absolutely, so
that probably would not be in Pulumi,
I actually don't know if Pulumi
does documentation generation,
I don't think it does.
But, I mean, realistically, yeah,
I know it's just the documentation itself.
But realistically, you could add,
because it's JavaScript or
whatever language,
you could add a generator for it.
And the cool thing about it
being in the language is,
if you have it in the language, you can
easily tell it about your types, right?
You could easily just be like,
all right, annotate this type and
give us documentation on it.
So Pulumi won't give it to you directly,
but you could definitely do it, yeah.
And you could easily auto-generate that.